Muro, Mark, et al. “Generative AI, the American Worker, and the Future of Work.” Brookings, 10 Oct. 2024, www.brookings.edu/articles/generative-ai-the-american-worker-and-the-future-of-work/.

Summary Paragraph
This source from Brookings.edu starts off by introducing Artificial Intelligence models particularly the ChatGPT model, and contains a thesis statement stating that according to a research, most Americans believe that generative AI will have a major impact on jobs. This introduction goes on to add some nuance by asking a variety of questions of what impact AI can have, if any. The next section dives into more of what could be impacted by AI. It mentions that the U.S and other nations do lack resources for workers to benefit from AI and avoid it's harms, which is an interesting argument. What follows is a section that contains the numbers of what we have seen and predictions of what is expected. This section goes into talking about ChatGPT models and how their development from really basic models to DALL-E which could create high-quality content. The article lastly mentions that this isn't something we've seen before and it is bound to bring change. It's a departure from previous technologies and has already brought about many changes in our workspaces.

Evaluation Paragraph
Looking at the credibility of the source, it's from the Brookings Institution, a well-known, nonpartisna resource known for it's research on such issues. The author in this article provides an in-depth look of AI's impact on the workforce, citing many relevant sources which really strengthens the author's credibility. This source was on my one of my first searches, which shows that many people have relied on/visited this page. Brookings.edu it known for it's rigorous research standards to ensure that both sides of the argument are presented, which is vivid in this article. Therefore, the balanced discussion and use of data-driven insights makes this source a reliable source of information

Reflection Paragraph
This article is highly relevant to my research on the effects of artificial intelligence on the future prospect of jobs, particularly in shaping job markets. It's collects a couple of carefully selected sources and formulates a well-nuanced argument, which is what I hope to accomplish in my essay too. The counterargument towards the end of integrating AI rather than it replacing human jobs is a key section in my upcoming essay. If integration alongside human jobs is not a solution, then the article mentions to what extent these jobs can be taken, and what other impact other than just the displacement of jobs could happen from the common people to even the U.S government. Therefore, this source helps me to formulate my argument of in what ways AI could present both challenges and opportunities, and inherently what sort of impact this could have on jobs in the future.







